so what is critical to review when you start a new two or on your show
that when you walk up the brow it gets you new ship one thing that
the commanding officer always at this is the standing orders yeah and
before you're gonna be qualified as an officer that import or the
also the deck under where the tactical action officer what age and also
watch you're going to have to know the commanding officers standing
orders this is vitally important because these are his one on one
directions to you until you call me if this happens yeah the most
the easiest thing but one thing demanding officer to the bridge yeah
trust me reading officer will get to the bridge real quick when that
war goes out over the one MC Hey because he knows and he will trust
you if you have if you the Les Paul in the commanding also the bridge
that's what happens in the game okay gotten trouble reading officer
did not get to the bridge so the commanding officers standing order
number one thing that you need to worry in fact if you're going
to a new ship you might want to ask the exact you know can I get a copy
of the committee also standing orders before you even get their
day that shows that you're being aggressive you're leaning forward in
the saddle and you want to see a standing orders now of the in addition
to that each night under way all the commanding officers night
waters and the night workers are equally important it lays down step
by step okay when to call the captain for any situation okay if there's
a contact bearing down on you what's known as C. BDR constant
bearing decreasing rate you've got some unidentified contact coming
down straight at you captain wants to know every commanding officer
once said that when that situation happens there's a few other situations
and they were gonna be refilling tomorrow morning so on the night
watch we've got a figure out all the hoses on the port side and
make sure that we're ready to receive lines in my ears you know probably
at dark thirty in the morning the standing orders will waive those
out so those are two things that you can be for familiarize yourself
with the you and make you a better off you're going to have you
come at